Monday, December 25, 2023
Hi this is my second time writing diary after starting again many years. Today is Christmas Day. I
am in store working from morning 2pm to 12 at midnight.
This app seems to be easy in writing my diary and I can add pictures I believe. Now time is
8:12pm.
It is raining today since morning. No customer are coming only few.Took a new vape today. Trying
to stop vaping but I can’t stop.
The funny and fearing thing is that I thought addiction is some joke. When I am child I used to
hear people who are addicted to alcohol or cigarettes can’t stop. I used to think controlling my
mind is easy. Like I used to stop thinking about stomach ache and after few minutes or hours that
stomach ache or headache don’t bother me. But now I understand what addiction is.
But I need to reduce and stope it in future.
Yesterday store is very busy. Total sale is almost 4k. I took 200$.
2733 Braselton Hwy
I almost cleared my parents and my loan which I got from relatives. I cleared 2lakhs loan I took
from my Krishna Babai to come to use. And gave father 1.8 lakhs to clear his loan outside.
And also cleared loans that my father took from all uncles. And gave almost 6lakhs for my brother
marriage. Which will happen in future.
For my mother bough a gold chain for my mother which is is dreaming to have since her marriage.
My credit cards almost paid. I am writing this to tell I don’t like in to be in ones debt.
Some where I heard if you can’t ask for help you can’t not succeed in life. But when it comes to
money I don’t like it.
I believe it’s all started in my mind since my childhood. People coming home and asking my father
the clear their debt or me and my mother going to old Guntur to ask money from those who owe
us. It’s all being in my mind. The trauma it creating on me. I hope it’s all for a good.
It is so peaceful out side. I am not sure what to do in future as of now I am going with the ﬂow.
New year is coming 1 year back we can to Atlanta from saint Louis after completing graduation.
Since then I am trying to ﬁnd a IT job but it’s been difﬁcult because of recession.
Sitaram and Basheer are planning for New year. Mahesh and Sitaram went to cape today. Fayaz
and Kaushik will go in 2 days. But form me I don’t have leave because of part time. I only have
leave from 30th to 1 Jan. I need to come to part time on 2nd but I don’t thing they will come back
on 1st. So I am thinking to go for New Years trip or not.
I can’t stay in this zone. Where half mind it after money half mind is after enjoying life. I don’t know
if I should think like this or not. That in future if I see my past I will regret not having fun in my life
because I chased money, don’t know. If sathyam has not left I can go to the trip.
Just now took 100$. Kaushik will come to pick me at night. Tomorrow need to go to ofﬁce.
That’s all for today